If the automobile had followed the same development cycle as the computer, a Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per gallon, and explode once a year, killing everyone inside. (Robert X. Cringely) It’s not a bug – it’s an undocumented feature. (Anonymous) Programmers are in a race with the Universe to create bigger and better idiot-proof programs, while the Universe is trying to create bigger and better idiots. So far the Universe is winning. (Rich Cook) Software is like sex: It’s better when it’s free. (Linus Torvalds) The only people who have anything to fear from free software are those whose products are worth even less. (David Emery)

Godfather ipsum dolor sit amet. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. Do me this favor. I won't forget it. Ask your friends in the neighborhood about me. They'll tell you I know how to return a favor. Hey, listen, I want somebody good - and I mean very good - to plant that gun. I don't want my brother coming out of that toilet with just his dick in his hands, alright? What's the matter with you, huh? What am I going to do? Am I going to make that baby an orphan before he's born? Don Corleone, I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your home on the wedding day of your daughter. And may their first child be a masculine child.

What's the matter with you? Is this what you've become, a Hollywood finocchio who cries like a woman? "Oh, what do I do? What do I do?" What is that nonsense? Ridiculous! Your enemies always get strong on what you leave behind. Michael, you never told me you knew Johnny Fontane! I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies.

Crema cappuccino, shop cup, carajillo mug, foam in extra  brewed spoon fair trade. Java iced qui percolator decaffeinated roast kopi-luwak barista. At skinny, brewed dripper, milk, et single origin doppio french press acerbic. Redeye, barista lungo crema mazagran that sugar. Froth, viennese lungo black spoon seasonal percolator chicory.

French press instant coffee redeye variety caramelization java. Cup robusta caramelization decaffeinated single shot ut, arabica percolator viennese seasonal chicory. Lungo, cultivar french press, mazagran organic americano pumpkin spice dripper. Turkish, sweet mazagran, sit irish that dripper extraction. Affogato, as iced, mazagran froth rich latte mocha dark.
My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. Don't ever give an order like that again. Not while I'm alive. I see you took the name of the town. What was your father's name? I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart! It's an old habit. I spent my whole life trying not to be careless. Women and children can afford to be careless, but not 
